# OML
# Optimizing an ML Pipeline in Azure

## Overview
This project is part of the Udacity Azure ML Nanodegree.
In this project, we build and optimize an Azure ML pipeline using the Python SDK and a provided Scikit-learn model.
This model is then compared to an Azure AutoML run.

## Summary
**In 1-2 sentences, explain the problem statement: This dataset contains data about expected customers for bank markting and it has information about every customer and the last cuolmn with answers yes or no defined the customer subscribed for a term deposit and use two ways to compare between thier results"**

**In 1-2 sentences, explain the solution: "The best performing model was a voting enasamble that is created by AutoMl phase where is accuracy matric score 0.951 and the hyperdrive method score 0.912"**

## Scikit-learn Pipeline
**create the workcpace and expermint then create cluster compute, in train.py file create tapluat dataset from the given link and use clean data method to git best possible result and apply split function to divide the dataset to train and test set, hyperparameter tuning parmeters are predefined and add random numpers around defult value , and classification algorithm is Accauracy .**

**What are the benefits of the parameter sampler you chose? chose the random sampling for the defined parmeter and that automate choosing parameters   **

**What are the benefits of the early stopping policy you chose? defined how much certain number of failures the expermint will stop looking for answers and in this case I**

## AutoML
**In 1-2 sentences, describe the model and hyperparameters generated by AutoML.**

## Pipeline comparison
**Compare the two models and their performance. What are the differences in accuracy? In architecture? If there was a difference, why do you think there was one?**

## Future work
**What are some areas of improvement for future experiments? Why might these improvements help the model?**

## Proof of cluster clean up
**If you did not delete your compute cluster in the code, please complete this section. Otherwise, delete this section.**
**Image of cluster marked for deletion**
